CLIENT-2749 (#599)
aerospike/aerospike-client-nodejs: README_WINDOWS.md

    Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope Process

For further information, please refer to the PowerShell documentation [About Execution Policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-sg/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_execution_policies).

#### Distutils has been removed from Python 3.12, which causes my node-gyp build to fail. How can I fix this?

> Since Distutils is no longer include in Python after 3.12, it is necessary to install them yourself if using Python 3.12 or above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Distutils is no longer included in Python after 3.12, it is necessary to install Distutils yourself if using Python 3.12 or above.
```
